the dark confined space is one big crazy
often foul-mouthed challenge and that's
you're the guy that you beat as an
amateur Tyson Fury has had a bit of a
rant you've had a little bit of a
comeback what's your take on what Tyson
Fury is said and the claims he's made
I'm only going in heaven Bashir is that
he's filled with jealousy at the moment
because I'm gonna credit but when the
weekend and a lot of people talk about
me and he can't stand seen anything
ready we get the praise and credit buddy
thinks he should be there not anymore
now you know either a equal of equal to
for me earlier on this year defendants a
thousand for what enemies it did matter
that's in the past
I'm always being assigned any more than
unintentionally or now we're all I'm not
gonna be fine and they mean if teachers
old they don't care comfortable he's got
a bit of an obsession with a little to
the Koran and that energy said he there
is basically Little Joe wolf he's not
any given this for the very good thing
or people should realize that time
security is not the typical pottery is
like trying to child early in a man's
body so you should take when I say
anything honest and so am I because I
asked online just like you you knowing
but you actually right he's making
headlines for all the wrong reasons and
and it may be colorful and people might
be tweeting about it thinking it's funny
but it doesn't help the image on the
sports or the sports inspired to beat
George Foreman monster and they you know
if you've got kind of attention purely
not known here and insults and abuse and
planning and all things like that you
know way if there is a cunt even the
school can they're not the deal they
will my distance in school which is by
you decide not to deal with and I deal
with the many times I which is if we
find once you know where I open up
this won't be fashioned a featured video
it's not popular sports because of no
people in there
he's like Watson without them I'd yield
to the fire were fighting by a speeding
when he is poor they're really you can
then change it also walls apparently
thinking you know people talking towns
Academical Billie's better there
he's like seems like the Lord shall be
there
Titus not only you're not feeling great
to think that the juices come out
yesterday did you sense that anything
had changed since you know for 48 hours
earlier
yeah yeah when I went on yesterday
message you meats on there yeah a lot a
lot of people know a lot more people and
not just a mean one
all the bitches with me and things like
that it's great you know because it's
not months doing sort of like them you
know these people they're interested is
what keeps me in the job